README.md, before:

Minio S3 Gateway
================

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/ome/ansible-role-minio-s3-gateway/workflows/Molecule/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ome/ansible-role-minio-s3-gateway/actions)
[![Ansible Role](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible--galaxy-minio_s3_gateway-blue.svg)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/ui/standalone/roles/ome/minio_s3_gateway/)

Minio S3 gateway with additional restricted users.

Runs a Minio server as an S3 gateway, proxying connections to a remote S3 server using a single set of access tokens.
Multiple users or groups can be created in the gateway independent of the remote S3 server, allowing the gateway server to layer custom authorisation on top of the remote S3 server.

Includes a helper script `/usr/local/bin/minio-user.sh` to create and delete users (mostly for IDR submissions).

Note this will automatically create a Minio client config file under `/root/.mc/config.json` that includes `minio_s3_gateway_access_key` and `minio_s3_gateway_secret_key`.
Set `minio_s3_gateway_install_client` to `false` to disable this.


Requirements
------------

This requires Docker to be installed.
This is not handled by this role.


Role Variables
--------------

Required:
- `minio_s3_gateway_remote_endpoint`: Endpoint for the S3 server to be proxied
- `minio_s3_gateway_access_key`: Access key for the S3 server
- `minio_s3_gateway_secret_key`: Secret key for the S3 server

Optional:
- `minio_s3_gateway_etcd_image`: Etcd Docker image
- `minio_s3_gateway_minio_image`: Minio Docker image
- `minio_s3_gateway_install_client`: Install the Minio client and helper scripts, default `true`
- `minio_s3_gateway_bucket`: The bucket to use in the helper scripts if `minio_s3_gateway_install_client` is enabled, default `test`
- `minio_s3_gateway_placeholder_content`: Content of a `README.txt` file that is copied to a new subdirectory if `minio_s3_gateway_install_client` is enabled
- `minio_s3_gateway_port`: Listen on this port, default `9000`


Example Playbook
----------------

    - hosts: s3gateway
      roles:
      - role: ome.docker
      - role: ome.minio-s3-gateway
        minio_s3_gateway_remote_endpoint: "https://s3.example.org"
        minio_s3_gateway_access_key: remote-access
        minio_s3_gateway_secret_key: remote-secret


License
-------

BSD


Author Information
------------------

ome-devel@lists.openmicroscopy.org.uk

Commit message:

add docker_version variable to README

README.md, after:

Minio S3 Gateway
================

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/ome/ansible-role-minio-s3-gateway/workflows/Molecule/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ome/ansible-role-minio-s3-gateway/actions)
[![Ansible Role](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible--galaxy-minio_s3_gateway-blue.svg)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/ui/standalone/roles/ome/minio_s3_gateway/)

Minio S3 gateway with additional restricted users.

Runs a Minio server as an S3 gateway, proxying connections to a remote S3 server using a single set of access tokens.
Multiple users or groups can be created in the gateway independent of the remote S3 server, allowing the gateway server to layer custom authorisation on top of the remote S3 server.

Includes a helper script `/usr/local/bin/minio-user.sh` to create and delete users (mostly for IDR submissions).

Note this will automatically create a Minio client config file under `/root/.mc/config.json` that includes `minio_s3_gateway_access_key` and `minio_s3_gateway_secret_key`.
Set `minio_s3_gateway_install_client` to `false` to disable this.


Requirements
------------

This requires Docker to be installed.
This is not handled by this role.


Role Variables
--------------

Required:
- `minio_s3_gateway_remote_endpoint`: Endpoint for the S3 server to be proxied
- `minio_s3_gateway_access_key`: Access key for the S3 server
- `minio_s3_gateway_secret_key`: Secret key for the S3 server

Optional:
- `minio_s3_gateway_etcd_image`: Etcd Docker image
- `minio_s3_gateway_minio_image`: Minio Docker image
- `minio_s3_gateway_install_client`: Install the Minio client and helper scripts, default `true`
- `minio_s3_gateway_bucket`: The bucket to use in the helper scripts if `minio_s3_gateway_install_client` is enabled, default `test`
- `minio_s3_gateway_placeholder_content`: Content of a `README.txt` file that is copied to a new subdirectory if `minio_s3_gateway_install_client` is enabled
- `minio_s3_gateway_port`: Listen on this port, default `9000`
- `docker_version`: The version of Python library for the Docker Engine API, default `7.0.0`


Example Playbook
----------------

    - hosts: s3gateway
      roles:
      - role: ome.docker
      - role: ome.minio-s3-gateway
        minio_s3_gateway_remote_endpoint: "https://s3.example.org"
        minio_s3_gateway_access_key: remote-access
        minio_s3_gateway_secret_key: remote-secret


License
-------

BSD


Author Information
------------------

ome-devel@lists.openmicroscopy.org.uk
